This guide is brought to you by My-Montre.com
Visit the online version The link is provided in the description
It is a pin punch sold on My-Montre.com 4,90 € Free delivery!
Prepare the pin punch out of the box if there is one
Collect the tip of the pin punch and keep it
Take the pin punch and unscrew the handle to remove it from the main pedestal
Collect the previously placed tip and screw it onto the available thread on the tip of the handle
Recover the main base and screw the handle in
Put the pin punch in, then take your watch with a metal strap and turn it over
Arrows engraved on the links should be apparent (They indicate the direction of extraction of the pins)
Unscrew slightly the pin-punch handle to leave the space available to the bracelet on the main base
Place the bracelet, arrows toward you on the main base of the pin punch
Check that the tip is in the axis of the small hole that receives the pin and then screw the handle by pressing on the bracelet
Unscrew the handle to allow you to handle the bracelet
Take the bracelet in your hand then catch the pin with your fingers
Put it apart and separate the 2 separate parts of the watch band
Place the watch on the wristband to completely remove the link (we have just removed the clip from the clasp)
And repeat the previous action (01:20)
You have just fully detached a link!
Recompose the link by reinserting the pin without force in the hole And keep the link carefully
Gather the 2 loose parts of the bracelet together
Reinstall the pin in the opposite direction of the arrows engraved on the underside of the bracelet Take care that the pin joins the 2 parts of the bracelet
Place the bracelet on the edge in the groove on the pin punch. Check the pin insertion pin!
Bring a small watchmaker's hammer or a small classic hammer
Tap lightly and straight on the pin while holding the bracelet closed Your hammer must be no more than 2 cm above the pin
You just shorten a metal watch bracelet, congratulations!
See you soon on My-Watch
10% immediate discount on your first order by entering the available code by liking the Facebook page (link available under the video)